salt: Do not consider all ISOs in `/srv/scality` as Solutions (#3182)
scality/metalk8s: CHANGELOG.md

  Salt dependencies from "base" RHEL 7 repository
  (PR [#3083](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3083))

> - [#3128](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/issues/3128) - Do not consider all ISOs
>   mounted in `/srv/scality` as MetalK8s mountpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3128](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/issues/3128) - No longer assume ISOs
  mounted under `/srv/scality` are Solutions (now validating the presence and format
  of a `manifest.yaml` file)
```

(not sure if we want to specify the part about the manifest though, feel free to omit it)

Author: Indeed to me we do not really care about "manifest.yaml" here but I will update the sentence
